---
layout: docs
title: Frequently Asked Questions
description: ''
keywords: ''
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## General 
### What client device do you recommend I use?
Personally use the nvidia shield pro. It can direct play everything thrown at it and manages HDR great. Iv'e also heard good things about tvOS.

### How can I watch media on GBstreams?
GBstreams provides official browser based clients and we are working on additional app's on your favoroite devices. In the meantime you can try some excellent third-party apps that provides a native user interface to browse the GBstreams library. 
For Android, there is a fine 3rd party app called [Findroid](https://gbstreams.com/dashboard/clients) that I have personally tested to be working great.
For IOS, [Swiftin](https://gbstreams.com/dashboard/clients)
Here is the list of currently available [clients:](https://gbstreams.com/dashboard/clients)

### I have a friend who wants to join GBstreams. What do I do?

### What is JellyFin?
Jellyfin is the Free Software Media System like Plex that puts us in control of managing and streaming media. All you need to know is Jellyfin is like Netflix or any other streaming service.

### If I'm having a question or problem with something, what should I do?
Check out #faq-troubleshooting first. Then feel free to ask in the #report-problem or chat.

### How do I become a member to gain access?
See add-plex-users for more details.

### How can I support OmniPlex?
First of all, Thank You for considering. See donations for more details.


## Playback
### Should I be direct playing? Is transcoding okay (i.e. play content at different quality levels to save data usage?)?
Transcoding is generally okay, we have server hardware capable of transcoding so it should not affect users experienance, however, hardware transcoding does mean lower quality video image for you. If you can, please direct play.

### How to Direct Play?
[Firestick:](https://mediaclients.wiki/AmazonFire)
[Smart TV:](https://mediaclients.wiki/LGwebOS)
[Android TV:](https://mediaclients.wiki/AndroidTV)
[Apple TV:](https://mediaclients.wiki/AppleTV)
[Plex Web:](https://mediaclients.wiki/plexweb)
[Windows/Mac App:](https://mediaclients.wiki/windows-macapp)
[Kodi:](https://mediaclients.wiki/Kodi)
[PlayStation:](https://mediaclients.wiki/new-page)
[Roku:](https://mediaclients.wiki/Roku)
[Xbox:](https://mediaclients.wiki/Xbox)
[Android Devices:](https://mediaclients.wiki/AndroidMobile)
[iOS Devices:](https://mediaclients.wiki/ios)

### How to change default subtitle language?
Open GBstreams via web browser on your mobile phone or desktop. Go to the episode or movie and click the 3 dots labeled "More" and select Edit Subtitles. Select your desired language and click Search. In the results that appear, click the download icon. The subtitle should now be available for you.

### How do I enable or change subtitles?
While viewing a movie or episode, click the settings button and click subtitles. A list of installed subtitles will appear.
 
### I don't want all these extra libraries, kids, 4k etc. Can they be removed?
Yes, please create a ticket and include your username and/or email along with the server you are on and I will remove them from your account.

### Specific Playback Settings
For AppleTV - Enable MPV Setting 


## Request & Reporting
### Can I request media?
Yes! [web interface](https://request.gbstreams.com)

### What should I do if there are episodes/movies missing or corrupted?
Please report them via the [web interface](https://request.gbstreams.com) and we will take care of it. 

### How to Use Request System
Members can make requests by using the web interface, visit our [guide]()

### Something I have requested has not been added
There might be a few reasons for this, the main one being what you have requested is not released yet. Once it has been released it will automatically get added to the server. Other reasons include your request being obscure and not easy to find with automation. This can happen with very old stuff or stuff that is not english. More info below.

### How long does my request take to download?
This depends on the current download queue.
If the queue is empty, a tv show or movie should be ready within 30-60 minutes (depending on quality and file size).
If there are multiple files being downloaded, it will be added to the queue in the order it was requested. (mass requests might be pushed back in favor of newer requests).
You can track your requests and if you have [notifications]() enabled.

### Is there a limit for requests?
Technically, no. You can make unlimited requests. However, automatic approvals are limited. Exceeding the limit will require your requests to have manual approval.


## Subscriptions


## Features
syncplay
casting
### Can I download Media?


## Issues
### What are some reasons for buffering issues?
There are many reasons for running into buffering issue. Contents we offer are very high in bitrate so you must have around 50-100 mbps internet to stream properly. Try doing speed test to our servers []().

### I'm getting buffering! What do I do??
First, don't panic, there are many things that can be done to fix this. Please don't immediately post "I'm getting buffering." This tells us nothing to help you. If you are experiencing buffering please do the following first:
1. Restart your client (especially firesticks!)
2. Restart your router
3. Uninstall and reinstall your Client App
4. If wiring your client with ethernet is a possibility, please do this over wifi. If it is not, please use 5ghz wifi over 2.4ghz if possible.
5. For "hdmi stick" type clients, especially those wedged between a TV and a wall, ensure they are not getting too hot.
6. If your client has a web browser, run speedtest from it using the links below in the next post.
7. In Emby/Plex go to video settings and set the remote/internet bandwidth to max or a static bandwidth. Do not leave it on Auto. If max doesn't work, start from 1mbs and work your way up to determine max bandwidth before buffering. </dd>

### I did all that, still buffering. What do I do now??
If the above doesn't remedy the situation please #deleted-channel  and make sure to include the following information:
1. Client type (firestick, android, etc)
2. Wired, wifi 2.4ghz or wifi 5ghz
3. Speedtest results from the device that is buffering... https://speedtest.net/
4. Show & Episode or Movie (if multiple versions, include version name and 4K or HD) symptoms are seen with
5. Home internet speed up/down
6. Geographic location (State is fine for US, country is fine for EU)
7. Plex or Emby server and username (if you don't know server we can look this up)
8. Attempt playback from your mobile or desktop browser. If from mobile try with wifi on and off, same symptoms?
9. Are you using a vpn?
10. Detailed description of symptoms and or other pertinent information, to include any troubleshooting already attempted.
    
### Netflix/Amazon Prime/Hulu/etc work fine for me but not your servers, what gives?!
We hear this from time to time and it's really "apples and oranges" as they say comparitively. These commercial services have entire enterprise data centers or huge footprints with cloud providers such as AWS (e.g. Netflix) with tens of thousands of nodes distributed across the globe with 100GB+ network trunks in each, as well as prioritization agreements with ISP's to prioritize their streaming traffic. In addition, their system pre-compresses every movie/show/item into multiple bitrate formats from 256k through 50Mbs+ equating to dozens of copies per item. The reason for this is their service can auto switch from one version to the next as bandwidth fluctuation is detected, seamlessly, giving the end user the illusion that they have been streaming one consistent "version" the entire time. 
As much as we would love to do this, we simply don't have the resources to build out an infrastructure like this, nor does Plex/Emby support this dynamic file switching. It does attempt to change compression levels "on the fly" when streaming levels are set to "auto," and does this in real-time via GPU and CPU transcoding, but from our experience this feature is hit or miss vs using a static bandwidth setting which seems to be more reliable for most. We have never claimed to rival the technology utilized by these commercial services, far from it, but we do strive to offer different options, configurations and routes to alleviate any streaming issues. So if you are seeing different results from a commercial service, this is why.

### Using a free VPN/I'm getting Buffering/My ISP Is Throttling Me
We have found some cases of ISP's throttling streams. If you find yourself in this situation we recommend trying the free tier of ProtonVPN www.protonvpn.com (no affiliation). This works for iOS and Android based devices as it can be installed from their respective appstores. For firesticks, it can be sideloaded. It works on the latest Chromecast with the remote, but not the legacy ones. More information here for Firesticks sideloading. https://protonvpn.com/support/android-tv/ The free tier should work fine for HD but results will vary for 4K based on the bitrate, you may need to upgrade to a paid plan, but try the free tier first. Under the free tier, their EU servers seem to provide the fastest speeds, so we recommend using these.

### OK I already did that but I still can't play!
There are many variables that can cause this so unfortunately there is no one fix. For example, certain subtitle formats need to be "burned into" the video stream and therefore trigger transcoding. Sometimes turning off hdmi passthrough for audio triggers audio transcoding, and we have noticed some dolby vision containers don't seem to like one being transcoded and the other not. The client makes a big difference. AppleTV unfortunately has the most restrictive codec support set without 3rd party apps such as infuse. The Nvidia shield by far seems to be the most recommended with regards to codec support and media playback support. Modern Rokus are decent as well but pass subtitles into the TV's cc system in most cases. FireTVs/Sticks are hit or miss. Built in android/smarttv's are also hit or miss. Some cheaper alternatives such as Android Mi Boxes offer a decent set of codec support but often lack the fancier certifications such as Dolby Vision. 

### TrueHD audio not working
There is also one specific case which may apply - if you are attempting to play a 4K movie with TrueHD audio, and your sound system doesn't support TrueHD, plex will not transcode the audio only, it will transcode both which results in the stream being killed. This has to do with a licensing issue between Plex and Dolby in which the bitstreams cannot be broken out on-the-fly. If you run into this, try seeing if the movie has an alternative non-TrueHD audio track and switch to it.

